docs(fx114): inverted-colors reference page and relnote updates (#26803)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/@media/inverted-colors/index.md

browser-compat: css.at-rules.media.inverted-colors
---

{{CSSRef}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`inverted-colors`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [media feature](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media#media_features) is used to test if the {{glossary("user agent")}} or the underlying operating system has inverted all colors. Inversion of colors can unpleasant side effects, such as shadows turning into highlights, which can reduce the readability of the content. You can detect if inversion is happening by using this media feature and style the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`inverted-colors`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [media feature](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media#media_features) is used to test if the {{glossary("user agent")}} or the underlying operating system has inverted all colors. Inversion of colors can have unpleasant side effects, such as shadows turning into highlights, which can reduce the readability of the content. Using this media feature, you can detect if inversion is happening and style the content accordingly.
```

## Syntax

```css
/* Keyword value */
@media (inverted-colors: inverted) {
  /* styles to apply if inversion of colors is detected */
}
```

The `inverted-colors` feature is specified as one of the following keyword values:

- `none`
  - : Indicates that the colors are displayed normally and no inversion of colors has happened. This keyword value evaluates as false.
- `inverted`
  - : Indicates that all pixels within the displayed area have been inverted. This keyword value evaluates as true.

## Examples

### Applying styles if color inversion is detected

> The example below shows the effects with both the keyword values of the `inverted-colors` media feature and also when the `inverted-colors` media feature is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates the effects of both `inverted-colors` media feature keyword values and when the `inverted-colors` media feature is not supported.
```

#### HTML

```html
<p>
  If color inversion is detected, this text will appear blue on white (the
  inverse of yellow on black). If no color inversion is happening, the text
  will appear red on light gray.
</p>
<p>

>   If the text is gray, then it means that your browser doesn't support the

Reviewer: I prefer the original 

```suggestion
  If the text is gray, it means your browser doesn't support the
```

I recommend adding some other effect, like an overline, for people with color blindness or cognitive issues; while generally this media query will be used to change colors, our explanations can add a feature for teaching reasons.

browser-compat: css.at-rules.media.inverted-colors
---

{{CSSRef}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`inverted-colors`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [media feature](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media#media_features) is used to test if the {{glossary("user agent")}} or the underlying operating system has inverted all colors. Inversion of colors can have unpleasant side effects, such as shadows turning into highlights, which can reduce the readability of the content. Using this media feature, you can detect if inversion is happening and style the content accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`inverted-colors`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [media feature](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media#media_features) is used to test if the {{glossary("user agent")}} or the underlying operating system has inverted all colors. 

Inversion of colors can have unpleasant side effects, such as shadows turning into highlights, which can reduce the readability of the content. Using this media feature, you can detect if inversion is happening and style the content accordingly while respecting user preference.
```

Reviewer: suggesting adding the paragraph break as the first paragraph is the summary used in multiple applications like devtools.

Author: 👍 Thanks

## Syntax

```css
/* Keyword value */
@media (inverted-colors: inverted) {
  /* styles to apply if inversion of colors is detected */
}
```

The `inverted-colors` feature is specified as one of the following keyword values:

- `none`
  - : Indicates that the colors are displayed normally and no inversion of colors has happened. This keyword value evaluates as false.
- `inverted`
  - : Indicates that all pixels within the displayed area have been inverted. This keyword value evaluates as true.

## Examples

### Applying styles if color inversion is detected

This example demonstrates the effects of both `inverted-colors` media feature keyword values and when the `inverted-colors` media feature is not supported.

#### HTML

```html
<p>
  If color inversion is detected, this text will appear blue on white (the
  inverse of yellow on black) along with a line over the text. If no color
  inversion is happening, the text will appear red on light gray without
  the line over the text.
</p>
<p>

>   If the text is gray, it means your browser doesn't support the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the text is gray and no overline is present, it means your browser doesn't support the
```

browser-compat: css.at-rules.media.inverted-colors
---

{{CSSRef}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`inverted-colors`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [media feature](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media#media_features) is used to test if the {{glossary("user agent")}} or the underlying operating system has inverted all colors. 

Author: ```suggestion
The **`inverted-colors`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [media feature](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media#media_features) is used to test if the {{glossary("user agent")}} or the underlying operating system has inverted all colors.
```

## See also

- [@media](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media)

> - [Using media queries](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CSS media queries](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries) module
- [Using media queries](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries)
```
